feat(styles, documentation): styles update text input (#3229)
swisspost/design-system: .changeset/gold-rabbits-train.md

---
'@swisspost/design-system-documentation': patch
'@swisspost/design-system-styles': patch
---

> removed the icon from inside the input and invalid textarea

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Removed the icon from inside form-controls (`input`, `select`, `textarea`).
```
